Ah!
Dad trash
I let you into the story
I thought you could handle Gu Tingchuan
And steal the secrets of StoryCorps
You'd better do stupid things
He also got himself into the police station
Blame that bitch
He insisted on robbing me of a man
let go
That's why people are better than you
Who is as stupid as a pig as you
Where does it look like my species?
You know I tried to get you out
How hard did I try?
If it weren't for the fear of losing face
I don't care about you.
I won't leave anything next time
I want a next time
Save your head
I have suffered so much because of him
It was also rejected by the story
Now I can't get close to Gu Tingchuan anymore
Is that it?
So too
I'll do the math for you
Mr. Shen Lu Siya
The collaboration between Shen Shi and the story
I still have a few questions, you say?
I will answer them for you one by one.
I don't like making phone calls
So you can come over now.
Let's talk
What now?
I'd love to.
Of course I would.
I'm coming.
Come quickly
Come here, Mr. Shen, I brought the picture book
You see sit first
Mr. Shen, look at your right